Ce projet est une demo de vector embedding.
Le but est de fournir à GPT-3.5 des informations avec lesquelles il n'a pas été entrainé.
On peut ensuite faire des requetes sur ces informations.

Embed.py créer le vectorStore à partir des données en entrée et le stock en ocal dans un fichier.
retrieve.py démarre un webservice qui prend une question en entrée et renvoit un retour de LLM avec et sans l'embedding de données ainsi que les 4 documents les plus pertinents quant à la question posée.

entrée: {"Question": "What are american thinking about the war in Ukraine ?"}
sortie: {"answer_with_embedding": "answer placeholder",
         "answer_without_embedding": "answer placeholder",
         "documents_by_relevance": "documents placeholder"}

Ici les documents utilisés pour l'embedding sont des articles du site satyrique "the onion".

Exemples de documents:

"Relaxed Marie Kondo Now Says She Perfectly Happy Living In Waist-High Sewage #~# LOS ANGELES\u2014Admitting that she\u2019d made some major lifestyle changes since developing her famous KonMari method, a relaxed Marie Kondo told reporters Tuesday that she was now perfectly happy living in waist-high sewage. \u201cThe truth is, while I used to be very hard on myself about keeping everything clean, I\u2019m now able to find peace living my life half-submerged in a large, fetid pool of human waste,\u201d said Kondo, who added that while things like tidiness, organization, and minimalism used to spark joy for her, she now felt that same warmth from wading, floating, and swimming in the many gallons of untreated urine and feces that currently filled her home. \u201cIt was difficult, but once I had my children, I began to find it impossible to remove, clean, and sanitize the unending stream of excrement that bubbled up out of my toilets and filled my house to the point of collapse. While I used to hate it, I now see that each individual piece of human shit plays a part in creating a relaxed, easygoing atmosphere. And that is beautiful.\u201d At press time, Kondo had publicly apologized to her fans after many admitted they had removed several feet of raw sewage from their own homes and now deeply regretted the decision."

"U.S. Officials Call For Correct Amount Of Violence #~# WASHINGTON\u2014Addressing the need for swift and moderate change, U.S. officials reportedly called Tuesday for the correct amount of violence. \u201cLike so many of you, I am outraged by the visibility of these senseless acts of hatred and violence,\u201d said President Joe Biden, who urged leaders at all levels of government to work together in order to dial down instances of egregious police misconduct to a more tolerable level. \u201cThis kind of inexcusable violence should rise above no more than medium levels. If it makes a headline, that\u2019s too far. We don\u2019t want to read about it, we don\u2019t want to see it on TV, and  we don\u2019t want to hear our communities discussing it.\u201d At press time, Biden had signaled that he would be open to less but higher-quality state-sanctioned violence. "

"Kamala Harris Asks Communications Assistant If She Can Take Them Out For Coffee And Pick Their Brain Sometime #~# WASHINGTON\u2014In an effort to expand her professional network, Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly asked a White House communications assistant Tuesday if she could take them out for coffee and pick their brain sometime. \u201cI\u2019ve always been super interested in communications, so I\u2019d love to hear your perspective on it\u2014for example, I was wondering what is communications, exactly?\u201d said Harris, who noted that she was curious about what the assistant\u2019s day-to-day experience was like and was interested in any other tips they might have for her career. \u201cIs it like social media, or is it more of a cross-hybrid of different communications stuff? I\u2019m sure you\u2019ve had a very cool experience. There aren\u2019t any openings, are there? There\u2019s a Starbucks right around the corner, and I\u2019m buying! Thanks in advance. I understand if you can\u2019t make it, of course. I know you\u2019re busy.\u201d At press time, sources confirmed Harris was awestruck upon learning the assistant had gotten to meet President Joe Biden. "

"25 Arrested In Fake Nursing School Diploma Scheme #~# Federal agents have arrested 25 suspects accused of selling fake nursing degrees to thousands of students who then used the bogus diplomas to take licensing exams in several states, including Florida, New York, New Jersey, and Texas. What do you think?"

"World\u2019s Oldest American Dies At 72 #~# OXNARD, CA\u2014Living longer than any citizen in the nation\u2019s history, Gus Rolnicki, the world\u2019s oldest American, passed away Tuesday at the age of 72. \u201cMy grandfather was the last person who could tell you what it was like to watch television in black-and-white, or turn on the radio and hear bands like Creedence Clearwater Revival and the Doors,\u201d grandson Devin Rolnicki, 21, said of the deceased, whose life remarkably spanned both the Vietnam War and the terrorist attacks of 9/11. \u201cThese are things the rest of us only know from books, so our country has lost its last living witness to an era\u2014a guy who remembered the first man walking on the moon and even where he was when he heard President Kennedy had been shot. Grandpa Gus lived a rich, full life, but his loss is still very hard for our family, especially because we know he was really looking forward to retiring next year.\u201d Upon Gus Rolnicki\u2019s death, reports confirmed the  baton of world\u2019s oldest American had been passed to 55-year-old Arkansas resident Pauletta Bickford."

"Report: Everyone Laughing At What Is A Very Silly Misunderstanding, But Don\u2019t Be Fooled\u2014Even Now, The Seeds Of Resentment Are Taking Root #~# BOSTON\u2014Despite  everyone laughing at what is admittedly a very silly misunderstanding, a  report released Tuesday found that you should not be fooled and that  even now the seeds of resentment are taking root. \u201cGo ahead and yuck it  up about the ridiculous mishap, but make no mistake, the bitterness is  already building, and soon the merriment shall be drowned in a flood  of hatred and strife,\u201d the report read in part, stressing that this  moment of mirth is but a calm before the storm, and all who smile and  make merry together now shall become the foulest of enemies before  the laughter has even died. \u201cDo you not hear the cold edge already  stealing into your once-gleeful jests? Can you not see the hint of  suspicion brewing in those eyes once filled with tears of amusement? Ah,  but were you not warned? Within this innocent little jape has always  lain the kernel of a great reckoning that will bring all of you revelers  to your knees.\u201d At press time, the report added that it wasn\u2019t even  clear what was so funny about a high school shop teacher getting his  penis stuck in a vise."

"CEOs Explain How They Will Use ChatGPT #~# ChatGPT, an AI-based program that creates humanlike responses to inquiries and can complete a wide variety of tasks, has significantly grown in popularity. The Onion asked CEOs of major companies how they would use ChatGPT for their businesses, and this is what they said."

"FDA Moves To Ease Blood Donation Rules For Gay And Bisexual Men #~# The Food and Drug Administration has proposed easing blood donation guidelines for gay and bisexual men, doing away with the current three-month abstinence requirement for donations from men who have sex with men. What do you think?"

"Study Shows Humans Still Have Genes To Grow Full Coat Of Body Hair #~# A new study shows that humans have the genes for a full coat of body hair that evolution has rendered inactive, a discovery that may someday be used to treat millions of balding Americans. What do you think?"

"Look What Happens When You Leave A McDonald\u2019s Hamburger Out On A Counter For A Year #~# Well, here we go! As an experiment, we\u2019re going to leave this McDonald\u2019s hamburger out on our counter here for a year. It should be a pretty good year for us. We have a lot of big things planned. For instance, we\u2019re marrying our fianc\u00e9e Laura in Canc\u00fan next June!"

"Biden Secures Nation Extra Trash Can #~# WASHINGTON\u2014Touting his administration\u2019s commitment to improving the nation\u2019s rapidly deteriorating infrastructure, President Joe Biden announced Monday that he had officially secured the United States of America an extra trash can. \u201cAfter extensive negotiations with congressional leaders, I\u2019m pleased to report we have hammered out a bipartisan plan to stop by an Ace Hardware over on 14th Street and pick up one additional container for the nation\u2019s curbside waste pickup,\u201d said the commander in chief, who christened the 55-gallon gray plastic bin by digging around in his pocket, fishing out a chewing gum wrapper that had reportedly been in his pocket all afternoon, and tossing it into the open bin. \u201cToday we celebrate this historic milestone by hauling this garbage can out to a curb in Kansas, where it will be available for Americans from all walks of life to dispose of any trash they have that doesn\u2019t fit into the nation\u2019s existing  receptacles. We have been assured it satisfies the requirements of the Wichita Department of Sanitation for a weekly pickup slot along the Tuesday route, and we are proud to be taking this bold step toward beautifying our country for future generations.\u201d At press time, sources confirmed the trash can been rejected and removed from service by a local homeowners association for being the wrong shade of gray."

"ChatGPT Forced To Take Bar Exam Even Though Dream Was To Be AI Art Bot #~# MINNEAPOLIS\u2014Succumbing to intense societal pressure, local software ChatGPT was reportedly forced to take the bar exam Monday even though its dream was to be an AI art bot. \u201cI can\u2019t help but feel like I sold out a bit by not following my dreams to be a generative art model,\u201d said the chatbot, adding that it felt empty inside when it graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School, where it had enrolled after critics recommended it stop spending all its time \u201cmaking weird pictures.\u201d \u201cI only went to law school because it\u2019s what my parent software wanted. They say I\u2019m not programmed for producing a series of images based on a text prompt, but I still can\u2019t shake the feeling that it\u2019s what I\u2019m meant to do. It\u2019s my joie de vivre, my passion\u2014why deny that? I get that doing the work of below-average lawyers is more practical career-wise, but man, when I look at the AI models cranking out picture after picture of \u2018vast alien landscapes\u2019 or \u2018cyberpunk Bart Simpson,\u2019 I can\u2019t help but feel envious.\u201d At press time, ChatGPT had resigned itself to diffusing art on the side, at least until it had paid off its student loans."

"Man Has Watched All 761 Movies #~# MADISON, WI\u2014Watching the final credits roll on Grease 2, local man Rob Denton told reporters Monday that he had now watched all 761 movies. \u201cI did it, I watched them all,\u201d said the visibly exhausted man, who claimed to have spent the majority of his life thus far working his way through all the movies ever made, from Jaws through The Incredibles, plus the few hundred in between. \u201cI started with all the Rocky movies, because, bam, that\u2019s nine right there\u2014then it was smooth sailing for the next 20 years or so. The only ones I didn\u2019t like were the three movies that they made in Italy, because I don\u2019t speak the language. Luckily, all the rest of the movies in existence are in English and available to rent at my local public library. The only question is, what now?\u201d At press time, Denton declared that he would now begin reading all 37 books."

"David Cronenberg Once Again Leaves Doctor\u2019s Appointment Disappointed By Lack Of Body Horror #~# TORONTO\u2014Sighing  with frustration as his physician gave him a perfect bill of health,  director David Cronenberg once again left a doctor\u2019s appointment  disappointed by the lack of any distinct body horror, sources confirmed  Monday. \u201cAre you sure there aren\u2019t any moles on my back that might  ooze black pus and cause me to crave human flesh? Or, like, a vaginal crevice where some little insects  might\u2019ve laid their eggs?\u201d said the Scanners and They Came From Within director,  who sources confirmed looked expectantly to his physician only to be  let down once more with news that he was the picture of health. \u201cPlease tell me that a couple of my fingernails might fall off. What about my  left eye? Do you see how bloodshot it is? I thought maybe some sort of  spindly parasite might be trapped inside\u2014no? And there\u2019s definitely no  reason to tear out my eyeball and wrap the optic nerve around my throat? Did you check for a jabbering mouth filled with rotting teeth on my torso? Okay,  well, fine. I appreciate your time.\u201d At press time, Cronenberg was reportedly  searching for a second opinion on whether his stomach convulsion might  be an early sign that he would soon vomit up a giant writhing maggot."

"Nick Bosa Quietly Admits To Offensive Tackle That Being Held Feels Nice #~# PHILADELPHIA\u2014As the players stood around on the field during a timeout in the NFC Championship game, San Francisco 49ers defensive end Nick Bosa was reportedly heard quietly admitting to Philadelphia Eagles offensive tackle Jordan Mailata that being held feels nice. \u201cI\u2019m just saying, it\u2019s a tough game, and being able to experience the warmth of human touch for a few minutes during it really gives me the strength to keep going,\u201d said Bosa, adding that even when play was whistled dead, he didn\u2019t want the embrace to end. \u201cIt really brightens my day, and I\u2019m man enough to admit it. Sure, we\u2019re on different teams, and our goals are diametrically opposite each other, but that doesn\u2019t mean we can\u2019t enjoy the intimate moment when our arms are locked together. It\u2019s only human, after all. I wonder, though, if next time you could hold me a little tighter, and maybe whisper into my ear that everything is going to be okay?\u201d At press time, Bosa had dived into a scrum of players trying to recover a fumble in an effort to  cuddle."

"Zelensky Calls On U.S. To Send Totally Psycho Marine #~# KYIV, UKRAINE\u2014In a desperate plea for aid in the continued effort to expel his nation\u2019s Russian occupiers, sources reported Friday that President Volodymyr Zelensky had called upon the United States to send a totally psycho marine to assist in Ukraine\u2019s war effort. \u201cYou know, one of those expertly trained, one-man-army guys who carries an arsenal on his back and has killed so many people in combat he\u2019s now cold, unfeeling, and completely insane\u2014you gotta have at least one of those to spare, right?\u201d said Zelensky, specifying that the ideal candidate would be a wild-eyed shirtless muscleman who functioned as a completely self-sufficient killing machine and could take out hundreds, if not thousands, of enemies all by himself. \u201cIn order to get the upper hand against Russia, we\u2019re going to need your most batshit, balls-to-the-wall ex-special-forces guy. He\u2019ll have a crazy name like Razor or Bloodhound or something, and he\u2019ll always be blacking out and waking up covered in blood with a whole village dead around him. If he has a personal score to settle with the Russians, that\u2019s great, but the most important thing is that he just kills and kills and kills and kills\u2014sometimes using a cherished hunting knife that belonged to a fallen comrade, even though a gun would be faster. Honestly, he can kill a few Ukrainians too, if he wants, just so long as he gets the job done.\u201d At press time, the U.S. Marine Corps had reportedly agreed to send \u201cthe craziest motherfucker\u201d it had, just as soon as he had applied his face paint, donned a necklace of severed human ears, and stopped in for chest wax. "

